Motor controller failure log - Riley Chapman 12/2/2015
It was approximately 11 PM. Ian, Jonah, and Riley were present.
We were collecting data on the precharge characteristics of the motor controller. We had gotten a lot of good data on the discharge earlier. Then we switched to trying to estimate the current of the precharge. We had probes on MC+ (The B+ terminal on the motor controller) and KS (The key switch pin, also directly connected to the power supply stack at 100V). For a precharge: KS would go to 100V, a second later MC+ would jump to ~50V, a half second later it would jump to ~80V, and then very quickly it would do the final stage of precharge and the contactor would close. We could quite tell exactly when the contactor closed (whether it was right before or after the final stage). I thought a good way to see the timing would be to probe the coil of the contactor. So the probe on KS was moved to the red wire on the contactor coil (presumably the high side). When power was turned on, the contactor coil probe jumped to 100V, MC+ did not charge, and the contactor did not close. From there we backtracked, but something was clearly wrong. I tried probing the black wire on the contactor coil, but it had the same result as the red wire. 

The IXXAT CAN to USB module stopped connecting to the motor controller. The computer it was plugged into triggered a warning about the USB bus drawing too much power. I tried connecting it to the go-kart motor controller (which has worked before). The USB light turns on, but the CAN side does nothing, and the DVT log says "Board did not respond well to initialisation" (misspelled by the way). DVT also initially complained that there were 130305224 byes of data in the can_cli_dump directory, but that went away after running the command clean_can_cli_dump. I'm not sure if we were getting that warning before the incident. 

After completely removing scope probes, and returning to a wiring state that was known to work before, the motor controller does not power up. The light does not light up or blink, and the contactor does not close. My best guess is that something about probing the contactor coil was the cause, there are many warnings in the manual about connecting a capacitive load to those outputs. I don't think the scope is a significant capacitive load, but it could be a weak point of the motor controller. It is possible that the wires connecting to the contactor coil shorted, but I would have expected an over current error if anything in that event. It is also possible that while switching the scope probes to the contactor coil, something shorted or disconnected in the setup. The ground from the power supply stack may have disconnected from the B- terminal of the motor controller. I'm not sure how the motor controller reacts when it is powered without a ground connection (There may have been some sort of pseudo grounding coming from the scope probe reference grounds)

Lisa's edit: Laptop was plugged in and charging. Oscilliscope references real main ground while power supplies are floating unless specified to tie to earth ground. IXAAT is the adaptor between laptop and CAN to the motor controller, and was fried and the USB port it was attached to is no longer functioning. 
